---
title: Waiting Room
---
# Waiting Room

Going to the doctor is like going to church.  Not that I think doctors are gods, but they certainly do.  You know what I mean.  You dress your best and smell your best in hopes that these gods will magically heal your ailment.<br/>
In my case it was a swollen eye that needed supernatural intervention.  It ached and stung and dripped causing me unbearable misery but I could still see.  Who wouldn't do everything possible to retain their sight? You might understand.  You might not.  A poor person's plight.  This or that.  A little more groceries or the shoes in the store window.  A logical person would have chosen to buy enough food for the week but I wanted to appease the gods.  It seemed a small price to pay for healthy eyes.  <br/>
My appointment was one week away.  Eye surgery.  Nervous doesn't quite describe the pangs of intense panic I felt.  For seven days the procedure loomed over my head.  The best distraction was polishing my now favorite shoes. They were brand-new and already shiny black but the act of polishing soothed my nerves and the smell of new calmed my aching eye. <br/>
My old shoes were retired in a deserted corner of my apartment.  The leather was wrinkled and worn out.  The soles were lifted despite many attempts to glue them back on and the left shoe had a severe hole in the toe.  They pleaded with my eye for attention and I could not deny them that right because they had served me well many years.  I stopped polishing, walked over to them, removed their laces for later use and placed them respectfully back down.  <br/>
I went back to polishing their replacement.   As I worked I was assured that the gods would be nice to me.  They could never know that for seven days I went with a little less fuel in my belly to look important.  It was a small price to pay to win the favor of their craft. <br/>
<p><center><p><center>***</center></p></center></p><br/>
The day of my appointment finally arrived.  My stomach was upside down.  My eye was swollen, red and sore.  With nausea and eye pain I took a seat in the waiting room.  I was fifteen minutes early -- 12:45.<br/>
The chair was uncomfortable.  I nervously shifted in my seat and covertly scanned the room wondering what everyone had.  Of all the patients, my eye looked the worst but no one stared.  <br/>
A god stopped in the doorway and looked at someone's chart.  We all looked at him hoping to be the next chosen one.  <br/>
"Mrs. Little" he finally called.<br/>
She happily stood up as if she had won the lottery.  The rest of us went back to waiting.  <br/>
It was already past one o'clock.  I was sure that I was going to be the next lottery winner but the next god that came called someone else's name.   I sat there trying not to think of eye surgery but it was impossible.  I'm afraid of needles.  An operation meant not only needles but a scalpel cutting into the soft tissue of my eye as well.  I was certain that I would throw up from sheer fear but somehow I managed to control the contents of my stomach.<br/>
By 2:30 all of the faces in the room had changed; all except mine.  This was a sign.  I was next.  I was relieved that the waiting portion of my torture would soon be over and wondered if the actual surgery was going to be as bad as I had imagined.  The next god stopped by the door.  I gathered my things before he spoke and half stood up when he said, "Mr. Goldwin".  I sat back down stunned that I was being so callously neglected.  Mr. Goldwin had entered the waiting room hours after me.  How could he be next?  Completely annoyed, I went to the secretary and politely inquired about my appointment.  She assured me that I had not been forgotten so I slowly walked back to my seat.  <br/>
My eye began to throb along with an aching head.  I sat and watched as the patients left the room one by one until there were only two of us left.  A quick glance at the clock on the wall informed me that it was now 4:15.  I was hungry, thirsty, and tired of sitting.  My eyes were closed and my head propped up in one hand when I heard someone say, "Mrs. Garner."<br/>
I opened my eyes to see the little old lady struggle out of her seat.  Well, at least I had the waiting room to myself and I was now 100% sure that I was next in line.   A few minutes after Mrs. Garner was called, I saw the secretary leaving for the day.  She looked at me as she walked past the waiting room.  I wonder what she was thinking when our eyes met?  <br/>
I wasn't called until after the old lady returned to retrieve her coat.   There was a doctor working with the god who was about to cut into my eye.  He prepared me for the operating table and I was surprised that I didn't have to remove my shoes.  A phone call interrupted and the doctor had to leave.  On his way out, he turned, looked at me lying on that malevolent table and said, "Whoa, really big shoes!"<br/>
My face was covered but my one eye was exposed and now being doused with disinfectant.  I could hear both gods laugh as I held onto the table to brace myself for the imminent needle.  I was injected five times on the outside of my lower eyelid and each time felt like a bee sting.  Afterwards, I was petrified at the sight of a small scalpel approaching my eye but I didn't feel a thing.  <br/>
As horrifying as the whole experience was, the surgery lasted only about twelve minutes.  When it was over, my eye ached underneath the patch that was placed over it.  I carefully sat up and the first thing I saw, with my one good eye, were my brand new expensive shoes.  <br/>
<br/>
<br/>
